# SonarQube Static Code Analysis
## Description  
The contents of this Pull Request were generated by Terraform.  
Some additional configuration may be needed before merging.  
Merging this PR will enable SonarQube scanning of the repos contents.  
Access to Sonarqube Enterprise is granted by Okta. Check if you have the application assigned.

## Changes
This PR contains commits for 2 files that are needed by SonarQube-
- sonar.properties: Contains configuration info for the SonarQube Scanner
- ${github_action_file}: Contains the Github Action to configure and run the Sonar Scanner
- Github Secrets
  - SONAR_TOKEN: Allows Sonar Scanner to connect to SunarQube Enterprise
  - SONAR_HOST_URL: Contain the URL where the scanner results are published to

## Configuration Checklist
- Ensure that the `SonarScanner for ${java_build_tool}` is passing and the results are available in the SonarQube Enterprise project that is created.  
https://quality-staging.aristocrat.com/projects
- If the above check is failing, additional `build.gradle` configuration may need to be committed to this branch before merging this PR.
```
plugins {
    id "org.sonarqube" version "3.0"
}

sonarqube {
    properties {
        property 'sonar.projectName', '<REPO_NAME>'
    }
}

dependencies {
    implementation "org.sonarsource.scanner.gradle:sonarqube-gradle-plugin:3.0"
}
```

## Project Configuration
List any changes that may be needed to the SonarQube project here.  
Examples are: Changing the default branch in the UI

## Contact
For additional info on implementing SonarQube code analysis on this repo contact  
For additional info on implementing SonarQube on this repo contact:
- Cyber Security <CyberSecurity@Aristocrat.com>
- Sandeep Kodi <Sandeep.Kodi@aristocrat.com>